docs: update roadmap as of q4 2022 (#47910)
angular/angular: aio/content/guide/roadmap.md

As the first step of this project we will implement non-destructive hydration. This technique will allow us to reuse the server-side rendered DOM and rather than rerendering it only attach event listeners and create data structures required by the Angular runtime. As the next step, we are going to further explore the dynamically evolving space of partial hydration and resumability. Each of the approaches has their trade-offs and we'd like to make an informed decision what's the most optimal long-term solution for Angular.

### Improve runtime performance and make Zone.js optional

As part of this effort we are revisiting Angular's reactivity model to make Zone.js optional and improve runtime performance. By default Angular runs change detection globally, traversing the entire component tree. We're exploring options to run change detection only in affected components. This way, we simplify the framework, improve debugging, and reduce application bundle size. Additionally, this lets us take advantage of built-in async/await syntax, which currently Zone.js does not support.

### Improve documentation and schematics for standalone components

> We are working on developing schematics for applications bootstrapped with a standalone component. Additionally, we are filling the documentation gaps of the simplified standalone component APIs.

Reviewer: We can probably mention that we plan to work on extending the `ng new` to add an ability to create an app using standalone bootstrap APIs (in addition to the current mode of creating an app that uses NgModule-based APIs).

Author: That's what I meant by schematics for applications bootstrapped with a standalone component. I'll change to `ng new` collection to keep it clearer.

### Introduce dependency injection debugging APIs

To improve the debugging utilities of Angular and Angular DevTools, we'll work on APIs that provide access the dependency injection runtime. As part of the project we'll expose debugging methods that allow us to explore the injector hierarchy and the dependencies across their associated providers.

### Streamline standalone imports with Language Service

As part of this initiative we are going to implement automatic import of template dependencies for standalone components. Additionally, to enable smaller application bundles the language service will propose automatic removal of unused imports.

### Investigate modern bundles

> To improve development experience by speeding up build times research modern bundles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To improve development experience by speeding up build times, we plan to explore options to improve JavaScript bundles created by Angular CLI.
```

> As part of the project experiment with [esbuild](https://esbuild.github.io) and other open source solutions, compare them with the state-of-the-art tooling in Angular CLI, and report the findings. In Angular v15 we have experimental esbuild support in `ng build` and `ng serve`. We'll continue iterating on the solution until we're confident to release it as stable.

Reviewer 3: We don’t yet have esbuild support in `ng serve`.

### Investigate micro frontend architecture for scalable development processes

For the past couple of quarters we understood and defined the problem space. We are going to follow up with a series of blog posts on best practices when developing applications at scale.

### Update getting started tutorial

We're working on updating the Angular getting started experience with standalone components. As part of this initiative, we'd like to create a new textual and video tutorials.

### Improvements in the image directive

We released the Angular [image directive](https://developer.chrome.com/blog/angular-image-directive/) as stable in v15. As the next step, we'll be working on fill mode that will enable images to fit within their parent container rather than having explicit dimensions. We'll be also working on automatic `srcset` generation so that users can download the smallest image based on the required dimensions.

> 

Reviewer: Both of these features (the `fill` mode and an automatic `srcset` generation) are implemented and will be a part of v15 (the `fill` mode feature would retain the developer preview status for now, to collect more feedback before making it stable).

## Future

### Token-based theming APIs

> To provide better customization of our Angular material components and enable Material 3 capabilities, we'll be collaborating with the Google Material team on defining token-based theming APIs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To provide better customization of our Angular material components and enable Material 3 capabilities, we'll be collaborating with Google's Material Design team on defining token-based theming APIs.
```

  </summary>
  <div class="details-content">

### Improve image performance

*Completed Q4 2022*

> The [Aurora](https://web.dev/introducing-aurora/) and the Angular teams are working on the implementation of an image directive that aims to improve [Core Web Vitals](https://web.dev/vitals). We shipped a stable version of the image directive in v15.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Aurora](https://web.dev/introducing-aurora/) and the Angular teams are working on the implementation of an image directive that aims to improve [Core Web Vitals](https://web.dev/vitals). We shipped a stable version of the image directive in v15. More information about the Image Directive can be found in [this guide](https://angular.io/guide/image-directive).
```
